my name is dr. Ramsay Rosa and for the
last decade I've spent my life dedicated
to a single course helping others fight
the diseases that play humanity but not
anymore and it's all because of them
you see there are many cancers in this
world
and they all wear different faces some
are doctors like me
some of them seek out the truth
regardless of the consequences
others mock the very science they
worship which is right out of time but
the most dangerous ones are those who
call themselves heroes
they claim to fight for the things that
matter in life truth family law order
and most of all for life it's
why is it every time I come to visit
there's always a crisis but it's all a
lie because in the end there's only one
battle one thing to fight against an
eternal enemy who must be eliminated
forever
and that's death itself how inert
scientifically impossible we will happen
underneath understand them just tell me
what I can do no one has to die ever
again
you